---
title: "**Assignment 1: Cultural Heritage By the Numbers F23**"
categories:
  - Blog
tags:
  - Assignment 1
  - Harvard Art Musuem
  - Meta data
  - API
---

> The cultural Heritage by the numbers is an assignment that utiizes the ways that the metadata obtainable from the Harvard Art Museum API can tell us something about historical and present world cultures/
> [Cultural Heritage by the Numbers](https://posit.cloud/spaces/332546/content/6497999)

> **Part one**:
 Among scrolling through the numerous art pieces found in the [Harvard Art Muesuem website](https://harvardartmuseums.org/), I was intrigued by the number of art pieces taken from many regions of the world. Among the many, my favorite was the  [Ancient intersection of the Via Appia and Via Ardeatina](https://hvrd.art/o/70419). This art work, according to the metadata obtained from  the website, is an Italian painiting by Giovanni Battista Piranesi that dates back to the 18th century. What staggered me in this artworks is the beauty and the symbolization of all the elements.It has numerous elements which all symblolize differnt things.  It connects nature with feilds like Engineering, Architecture, history, etc. And it makes sense. "Via Appia" translates to the " Queen of Roads," which I think stands for the start of modernization of the Roman Empire. The website didn't have any description of the painting and what it symbolizes, which I thought it should contain. However, I found the website easy to use, and you can also get permanent links to the artwork, in addition to being able to download them. In other words, it was pretty accessible. However, with the [allobjectsdata.cvc](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/10t7_3_WviFuQNlopr1eHFojPpB89ce1Lb4Dm-GDuUXo/edit#gid=1168201001), I was able to get a more clear description, with also the origin of the art work. I found the data spreadsheet more convenient to use.








>**Part two**:








>**Part Three**: 





